"The market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient." – Warren Buffett

"If you don't know who you are, the stock market is a very expensive place to find out." – George Goodman (Adam Smith)

"Win or lose, everybody gets what they want out of the market." – Ed Seykota

"The goal of a successful trader is to make the best trades. Money is secondary." – Alexander Elder

"Pride is a luxury a trader cannot afford." – Mark Douglas

"Emotional control is the most essential ingredient of successful trading." – Victor Sperandeo

"The hardest thing in trading is not the math; it’s the person sitting in the chair." – Unknown

"A peak performance trader is totally committed to being the best and doing whatever it takes to be the best." – Van K. Tharp

"Confidence is not 'I will make money on this trade.' Confidence is 'I will be fine if I don't.'" – Unknown

"Your goal is not to predict the future, but to react to what the market is telling you." – Unknown

Risk, Survival, and Loss
"It’s not whether you’re right or wrong that’s important, but how much money you make when you’re right and how much you lose when you’re wrong." – George Soros

"The elements of good trading are: (1) cutting losses, (2) cutting losses, and (3) cutting losses." – Ed Seykota

"If you can't take a small loss, sooner or later you will take the mother of all losses." – Ed Seykota

"Losers average losers." – Paul Tudor Jones

"In trading, you have to be defensive. If you don't, you won't be around." – Paul Tudor Jones

"Don't focus on making money; focus on protecting what you have." – Paul Tudor Jones

"Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing." – Warren Buffett

"He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day." – Adage

"The most important rule of trading is to play great defense, not great offense." – Paul Tudor Jones

"Hope is a four-letter word in trading." – Unknown

Market Reality & Philosophy
"Markets are never wrong – opinions often are." – Jesse Livermore

"The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent." – John Maynard Keynes

"What is comfortable is rarely profitable." – Robert Arnott

"The trend is your friend until the end when it bends." – Ed Seykota

"Anticipate the anticipation." – Paul Tudor Jones

"Every trader has strengths and weaknesses. Some are good at being right, but they have to learn how to be wrong." – Victor Sperandeo

"There is no single market secret to discover, no single correct way to trade." – Jack Schwager

"Investing is the intersection of economics and psychology." – Seth Klarman

"The desire for constant action irrespective of underlying conditions is responsible for many losses." – Jesse Livermore

"Everything you need to know is right there in front of you." – Unknown

Process, Discipline, and Strategy
"Trade what you see, not what you think." – Anonymous

"Patterns don't work 100% of the time. But they don't need to." – Mark Douglas

"Do more of what works and less of what doesn't." – Steve Clark

"If most traders would learn to sit on their hands 50% of the time, they would make a lot more money." – Bill Lipschutz

"Trading is 10% execution and 90% waiting." – Unknown

"A lot of people want the prize without the process." – Unknown

"Sheer will and determination are no substitutes for a sound plan." – Unknown

"If you can’t measure it, you can’t manage it." – Peter Drucker

"Success in trading comes from having an edge and the discipline to execute it." – Unknown

"The stock market is a giant distraction to the business of investing." – John Bogle

The "Damn" Factor (Deep Wisdom)
"You don't need to know what is going to happen next in order to make money." – Mark Douglas

"The market doesn't know you exist." – Unknown

"Successful trading is about the math, not the myth." – Unknown

"Trading is the hardest way to make easy money." – Unknown

"Ego is the enemy." – Ryan Holiday

"The market has no memory of your last trade." – Unknown

"I always laugh at people who say 'I've never met a rich technician.' I used fundamentals for 9 years and got rich as a technician." – Marty Schwartz

"Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful." – Warren Buffett

"Focus on the process, not the outcome." – Unknown

"You have to be willing to be wrong to be right." – Unknown